Add docs for `@top_level` macro variable (#514)
crystal-lang/crystal-book: docs/syntax_and_semantics/macros/README.md

Foo.describe     # => "Class is Foo"
```

## The top level module

> It is posible to access the top level module, as a [`TypeNode`](https://crystal-lang.org/api/latest/Crystal/Macros/TypeNode.html), with a special instance variable: `@top_level`. The following example shows its utility:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to access the top-level namespace, as a [`TypeNode`](https://crystal-lang.org/api/latest/Crystal/Macros/TypeNode.html), with a special variable: `@top_level`. The following example shows its utility:
```

The first two changes are just typos. The other two are semantic nitpicking, feel free to ignore.
I'm uncomfortable with calling the top-level a module. "namespace" seems more appropriate to me, to avoid possible misinterpretation.
And while `@top_level` uses the syntax of an ivar, it is technically a global variable (or rather even a constant). I wouldn't call it *instance* variable.
